#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
blis==0.7.11
    # via thinc
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via typer
confection==0.1.5
    # via thinc
customtkinter==5.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.8
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
darkdetect==0.8.0
    # via customtkinter
filelock==3.16.0
    # via tldextract
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.34.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.66.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.11.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via spacy
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
keras==2.9.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
langcodes==3.4.0
    # via spacy
language-data==1.2.0
    # via langcodes
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
marisa-trie==1.2.0
    # via language-data
markdown==3.7
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   wordcloud
murmurhash==1.0.10
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
numpy==1.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blis
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   spacy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   thinc
    #   wordcloud
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   spacy
    #   tensorflow
    #   thinc
pandas==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
pathlib-abc==0.1.1
    # via pathy
pathy==0.11.0
    # via spacy
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   wordcloud
preshed==3.0.9
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-hub
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pydantic==1.9.2
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   spacy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tldextract
requests-file==2.1.0
    # via tldextract
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.11.4
    # via scikit-learn
seaborn==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
smart-open==6.4.0
    # via pathy
spacy==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via spacy
srsly==2.4.8
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
tensorboard==2.9.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.9.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-hub==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.37.1
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via tensorflow
thinc==8.1.12
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tldextract==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via spacy
typer==0.4.2
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   tensorflow
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
wasabi==0.10.1
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
werkzeug==3.0.4
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.44.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wordcloud==1.8.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via tensorflow

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
